Week 1
Formed a group, decided on scrum master and created our Jira page. Decided on project topic and ideas for novel functionality. Decided on using Figma to draw storyboards. Distributed roles for working on front-end and back-end. Wrote stories and tentative acceptance criteria for all our functions. 

Week 2
Confirmed novel ideas of gamification, and chatbot with tutor. Discussed the logistics of these gamification as a group. Decided on layouts for UI and established some workflow options. Edited stories and acceptance criteria to reflect our discussion. I finished the background section of the proposal. 

Week 3
Finished figma storyboards for gamification features. Finished uploading user stories onto the Jira backlog. Wrote the system architecture section of the proposal with Yang. Finished story categories and descriptions and discussion of novelty. 

Week 4
Proposed and changed our intended database engine to SQLite. Designed database schema with Yang. Set up a basic Flask app that connects to the frontend. 

Week 5 
Wrote the basis of the models file for SQLite database and Flask app.  Wrote app routes and logic for user authentication, including token validation, register, login and logout. Debugged logic for online classes and courses with Yang. Refactored the backend to move courses out of the main file. Edited app routes to ensure compatibility with the front end. 

Week 6
Created new classes, File and Folder, for handling course content. Wrote functions for creating folders and files, and pseudocode for retrieving all the content from a course. 

Week 7
Designed our local file system hierarchy, which was discussed and approved by Yang. Finished content retrieval functions. Wrote functions for searching content for chatbot. Debugged file storage functions with Yang and Eddy. 

Week 8
Wrote several assignment related functions for the backend, including create, upload_spec, submit, retrieve_submissions and mark_submissions. Collaborated with Andy and Eddy to ensure compatibility with the front end. Designed database schema for assessment timeline and leaderboards with Andy, and wrote baseline logic for relevant functions. 

Week 9
Wrote ‘Purpose and Features’ and ‘architecture’ sections of the final report. Completed assessment timeline and leaderboards functionality with Andy. Added docstrings and comments for all authentication and content functions and app routes. 

Week 10
Planned final demo with the team. Wrote script and made basic powerpoint slides for ‘Technical Quality’ and ‘Excellent Engineering Practices’ of the presentation. Edited system architecture diagram. Finished ‘Implementation Challenges’ section of the report.
