By Andy

You should also include in this diary the following information (if applicable) about the
project progress:
- what was planned for the period since the last work diary entry.
- what was finished.
- what were the main technical and non-technical obstacles and how they were
overcome (or what was tried and did not work).
- what was not finished, why this happened, how this affects the overall project
progress and what adjustments (if any) are needed so the success of the project is not
endangered.
- what is planned for the next period (e.g., next week).


Work Diary

Week 1
Formed Group and named. Selected Scrum master, Created Jira Site.
Decided on topic with other group members- LMS. Created chat and made meetings times and place.
Planned potential novel functionalities.

Week 2
Decided to use Python flask for backend and ReactJs for frontend.
Settled on the two extra (non-novel) functinalities - calender in dashboard + ChatBot
Picked the novel functionalities - Gamification + Avatar maker.
Split user story/acceptance critiria task and started writing them.
I looked into APIs for hosting online lectures - zoom SDK or Video SDK.
Started planning ideas for how website will look - storyboard using Figma.

Week 3
Edited user stories/acceptance critera and wrote out report.
Ended up changing the API for online lectures - instead of using Zoom SDK or VideoSDK, I experimented with other APIs and found Zegocloud to be easier to setup and implement.
Finished designing the what the website would look like - drew up all pages and interactions on figma for storyboard.
Finished project proposal.
Started planning for next stages of assignment - timeline and deadline for sprint 1, setting up and planning database.

Week 4 - 
Created register and login page with the required inputs - email, names passwords, confirm password
Designed the frontend and implemented the adding of participants.
For courses, teacher can add courses and name them
implemented functionality of adding courses and did UI/UX.
Implemented classes - teachers can create classes, students can join created classes - used ZegoCloud API.

Week 5
Connected frontend with backend. Routes for signup, sign in, courses, and adding participants.
Debugged edge cases and touched up UI for demo A.
Presented Demo A. Wrote retrospective
Planned routes and databse for sprint 2 - assignment, quizzes and content

Week 6
Implemented the UI and UX functionality of quizzes - teacher can customise quizzes - add names, duedate, time limit.
Teachers can also add questions to MCQ or create short answer questions. Added deply button. Functionality not connected to frontend yet
Did the UI design of course content - teachers can add folders and files.
Did the functionality and UI of students attempting a quiz - the student quiz page.
The above was done with dummy data - will need to connect with backend next week.


Week 7
Implmented search and chatbot. Chatbot uses wikiapi. Chatbot was a react npm package. Implemneted the simple decision tree for chatbot

Week 8
Connected content page with backend - teachers and students can properly add and view folders/files
Debugged a lot of random stuff for quizzes and assignments.
Presented Demo B.
Planned database and routes for sprint 3 - calender, forums, profile page and leaderboards.
Implemented calender and leaderboards functionality for front end. Just need to style for next week.

Week 9
Implemented forums backend and frontend functionality.
